the american pitbull terrier descends from
dogs imported by English settlers e
Irish immigrants in America right now
late 1700s and early 1800s i
animal fights are ancient
as much as man but in the most remote times
every type of dog was used
provided it was big, it has jaws
robust the American Pit Bull Terrier is
really a super dog has muscles
steel taken without equal
incredible agility and courage that
touches on recklessness
moreover it has a very sweet heart and
towards man behaves as the most
tender and cuddly the dogs the cube
today that the fight is no longer
accepted by common morality
even the most heated purists accept
to use their dogs for less purpose
violent and begin to use them as
guard and defense dogs
well you know something is not a job
simple because many pit bulls refuse
stubbornly biting the man for
teach them to go on the sleeve
their instinct must be stimulated
predatory to convince them that it is
a nice fun game that you don't do
really hurt anyone
this is the only way to get a good one
defense work that ultimately results
very effective because the taking of
pitbull is superior to any other al
selected world to bite with the
maximum possible pitbull a
a mouth opening worthy of a true
his sharks are molars
highly developed and the strength it succeeds in
release when it closes its mouth is
that of a real move
just look at what a pit can do
bull to a tree when he decides to
play us consider it dangerous for
this would be tantamount to saying that
peers must be removed from the face
of the earth because potentially
they can reduce a person in a meatball
certainly they can just drive them one
madman furious and the same goes for the
pitbull if on the other side of the
leash there is a furious madman can
an accident can also happen if serious
however the leash is held by one
pitbull balanced person will do the
parties even to thieves and you will leave
cuddle from all the children who
he meets because this is his true
nature
the fighting dog must be
agile and snappy and the subjects more
those who are suitable have been found
they weighed between 13 and 25 kg
the pitbull loves the game and also owns
a remarkable sense of humor understands
when he jokes and understands when
touch make the circus dog a little bit
contrast with its natural and dignity
because the young lady wants a friend with
to go to on the carousel
its incredible agility allows it
to express themselves in spectacular exploits
like the tree climb a few others
dogs in the world are able to do
same to you
a dog with a sad past certainly not for
his fault that he should stop
pay too high a price for
stupidity and prejudice that they always have
and only two legs
there are no killer dogs but only men
killer
this is the truth to remember
the only fault of a dog can be
that of loving the wrong person if
find the right two-legged companion
able to establish a good relationship with him
relationship of complicity and friendships
the pitbull will be a real danger only
for the criminals but for all the others
large and small will be a very sweet dog
capable of giving and receiving a lot of
love
and those who live with him will be able to understand the
phrase we heard
from the breeder who collaborated with
this movie and he had made us
smile before you start
seem absolutely true to us
there are only two breeds of dogs in the world
the pitbulls and those who would like
be